Installation instruction for WP-MortgageCalculator

-------------------------------------------------------

Thank you for downloading WP-MortgageCalculator. This 
free calculator installs in the sidebar of your 
Wordpress blog as a widget. The calculated results 
appear directly on your website, so you keep your 
readers engaged and active on your website!

-------------------------------------------------------

Step 1: Unzip the WP-Mortgage Calculator package and 
put in it in your plugins folder located at
wp-content -> plugins

-------------------------------------------------------

Step 2: after unzipping the files upload them to your 
remote server using an FTP program.

The (5) files included in this package are 
mc_calculate.php
mc_linktext.php
mortgage-calculator-logo.gif
mortgagecalculator.php
This install.txt next file (no need to upload it!)

-------------------------------------------------------

Step 3: log in to your WP admin panel, located at 
/wp-admin/

Click the plugins link, which will send you to 
/wp-admin/plugins.php
and enable the Mortgage Calculator Widget.

-------------------------------------------------------

Step 4: For older versions of Wordpress, inside the WP
admin panel click on presentation. Then click on the 
Widgets sub-menu item. If you are using Wordpress 2.5 
you should click on Design then Widgets.

Drag the Mortgage Calculator and any other needed 
widgets (categories, archives, links, pages, etc.) into 
your sidebar . 

Click “Save Changes” and your Mortgage Calculator 
should be live.

Can’t see a widgets option? Your Wordpress theme may 
not be widget aware. To make it widget aware you need 
to ensure your theme has a functions.php file and that
your sidebar is theme friendly. This Automattic page 
describes how to make themes widget friendly.
http://automattic.com/code/widgets/themes/

Many free themes are available at
http://themes.wordpress.net/

-------------------------------------------------------

Want an easier way to install a mortgage calculator on
your site? Perhaps you could try using one of our 
other linking options - like posting HTML into one of
your blog posts.
http://www.mortgagecalculator.org/free-tools/

Have questions or feedback? Leave them here
http://news.mortgagecalculator.org/2008/05/13/wp-mortgage-calculator-widget-plug-in-for-wordpress/

Thank you & enjoy your new mortgage calculator!